Hello everyone talking to jingle level to project exercise we've learned a lot.
But setting up models templates and views and it's time for you to get some practice.
We're going to be using the same approach to projects from jingle level one.
So if you don't have that you can download it from the jingle level on folder notes or if you want.
You can also start from a fresh project.
It's up to you.
Here's what you have to do starting from a project with an application.
I want you to add a new model called a user and this model should have these fields.
A first name field for the user class named character field for the user and then an email field and
make sure to make the migrations as we showed earlier in the section of the course and then create a
script that will populate your database with fake users then confirm that the populating worked through
the admin interface.
Once you've done that then create a view for your web site for the domain extension slash users.
This slash user's page will bring him a list of the user names and emails which means if someone goes
to your main web page that index page they'll just see some heading whatever you want to show.
But when they go to the expense and slash users they'll actually see NHT analysis of the usernames and
emails and then you're going to be using template tags actually generate this content from the user
model.
And remember to change your or else PI file to actually deal the changes to the user's extension both
in your actual application and in your project to get a quick look at what the final page should actually
look like.
All right.
So upon launching your web site you should see something like this on the home index page says welcome
to users to see the list of user information.
So then when you start typing slashy users enter you should see a generated list where you have numbers
saying user info and then inside there's a nested list with the first name last name and then the email
and all these first names last names and emails have been randomly generated with the faker library.
So they may not match the first name or last name.
That's totally OK.
It's basically just totally fake data.
Right.
So this is what it should look like.
Remember we are dynamically generating this content from the actual models.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
But other than that.
Best of luck and in the next lecture we'll be cutting out through an example solution.
I'll see it there.